Package 023

This package has been revised to include the italic faces for the Book, Demi,
and Heavy faces. They replace the old oblique faces, which have been left in
the package so that they are available for use in old documents if necessary.
The Medium and Medium Italic faces have also been added to the package.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Many PC applications have separate menus for selecting typeface families and
typeface styles. Most applications let you choose among regular, bold, and
italic styles in the Style menu. However, some Adobe Type Library packages
include font software with additional style variations and stroke weight
variations. To select these variations, you need to know how the bold and
italic styles are linked to the base typeface. For example, the New Caledonia
typeface includes semi-bold, bold, and black. To use New Caledonia Black, you
need to choose New Caledonia SemiBold from the application's Font menu (or
equivalent), and then choose Bold from the Style menu (or equivalent).

If you are using a Microsoft Windows application, Ventura Publisher or
Microsoft Word, follow the guide to typeface style selection below. (The
Microsoft Word menu name will be as listed below but with any spaces in it
removed.) If you are using an application other than these, refer to the
application's documentation.

If you are reading this document using Windows Notepad, please make sure to
set your left and right margins to zero before printing.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PostScript                    Menu Name Plus Style Links          DOS File
Name                          (BOLD, ITALIC, and BOLDITALIC)      Name
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FranklinGothic-Book           ITC Franklin Gothic Book            FRW_____.PFB
FranklinGothic-Demi           ITC Franklin Gothic Book,BOLD       FRD_____.PFB
FranklinGothic-BookItal       ITC Franklin Gothic Book,ITALIC     FRWI____.PFB
FranklinGothic-DemiItal       ITC Franklin Gothic Book,BOLDITALIC FRDI____.PFB
FranklinGothic-Medium         ITC Franklin Gothic Med             FRM_____.PFB
FranklinGothic-Heavy          ITC Franklin Gothic Med,BOLD        FRH_____.PFB
FranklinGothic-MediumItal     ITC Franklin Gothic Med,ITALIC      FRMI____.PFB
FranklinGothic-HeavyItal      ITC Franklin Gothic Med,BOLDITALIC  FRHI____.PFB
FranklinGothic-BookOblique    ITC Franklin Gothic BookObl         FRWO____.PFB
FranklinGothic-DemiOblique    ITC Franklin Gothic BookObl,BOLD    FRDO____.PFB
FranklinGothic-HeavyOblique   ITC Franklin Gothic HeavyObl        FRHO____.PFB
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
